Your stuff.
If you want to cut this precious picture of me
Mr. Ip.
You do that.
It's not just going to drag you to the blacklist.
They will demand ten times more compensation by force.
Please respect yourself.
Why are you so nervous?
It's okay.
Otherwise, dying 100 times is not enough.
The word okay is still the biggest thing.
Dongpo's words were more than 1,000 years ago.
To keep it intact
The first task is insect control.
And the only consequence of doing these two things is that plotter paper is extremely flammable.
Look where I just burned it.
There's not even a trace of it.
Why is this paper fireproof?
I asked everyone.
1000 years ago there would have been fire protection.
There is only one function.
This picture is fake.
Mr. Ye.
He's a master, of course.
Where even I can't see, you've discovered.
He checked for flaws in the page paint.
This is the last party.
This is the highest performance certificate of page paint.
Mr. Ye could come here unhindered at any time in the future.
Rest in peace.
Master Ip just saw that I have eyes that do not know Thai Son.
I want to worship you as a teacher.
Please accept it.
Mr. Ip just now I have a helpless eye.
There's 10 million on this card.
It's a little bit of your mind.
Go up there.
No need.
Everyone comes to take heart.
Small or certain skills
If you really want to thank me
It's closed in a minute.
Don't bid on me.
Absolutely.
Maybe it is.
According to human feeling
Inborn Ky
Just hide it here.
This work is the work of a master jade sculptor.
And from which master?
Excuse me.
We can't investigate.
But I think his artistic value is quite high.
So the starting price is five million.
Interested guests?
Maybe try it.
Maybe we can pick up a missing one.